README.md, before:

# Chastilock cardgame
This is an implementation of the same card game that's built in into the ChastiKey app.

## Installing
`yarn add chastilock-cardgame`

## Usage
```typescript
import { ChastilockGame, Config, Lock, LockConfig, CardMapping, CardType } from 'chastilock-cardgame'

const options: Config = {
  max: {
    green: 100, /* Same as CK */
    red: 599, /* Same as CK */
    sticky: 100, /* Same as CK */
    yellow: 1495, /* Same as CK */
    freeze: 100, /* Same as CK */
    double: 100, /* Same as CK */
    reset: 100, /* Same as CK */
  }
}

// Create the initial card mapping. This would be the amount of cards. This should be persisted somewhere.
const cards: CardMapping = new CardMapping()
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.RED, 1)
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.GREEN, 10)
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.YELLOW_PLUS1, 5)
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.RESET, 2)
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.DOUBLE, 3)

// Configuration (settings) of this lock
const lockConfig: LockConfig = {
  intervalMinutes: 30000, // draw interval
  greensRequired: 10, // amount of green cards to find to unlock
  initial: new CardMapping(initial), // initial card values. Mostly required to perform a reset.
  autoResets: {
    enabled: false // whether or not auto resets are enabled. Used for estimations.
  }
}

// the cards here passed are the current cards. This allows for easier persistance of a lock.
const lock = new Lock(lockConfig, cards)

// Create the game instance
const game = new ChastilockGame(options, lock)

```

## Developing

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (recommended version: 14.10.0)
- Yarn

### Installing dependencies

`yarn`

### Setting up git hooks
It is recommended to set up git hooks, so the code will be validated against the guidelines (linting & testing) before the commit is done.
In order to set up git hooks, simply run:

`yarn setuphooks`

Please note that hooks were not yet tested on Windows. But they should be platform independent.

### Running tests

`yarn test`

### Linting

`yarn lint`

### Linting & auto fixing

`yarn lint --fix`

Commit message:

Feature/card draws (#5)
* bring readme up to date

* fix number issue in docs

* allow supplying initial configuration as min and max

* Add draw and limit functions

* Add method to check if lock is finished

README.md, after:

# Chastilock cardgame
This is an implementation of the same card game that's built in into the ChastiKey app.

## Installing
```bash
yarn add git+https://github.com/Chastilock/chastilock-cardgame.git#v1.0.0
```

## Usage
```typescript
import { ChastilockGame, Config, Lock, LockConfig, CardMapping, CardType } from 'chastilock-cardgame'

// This is the global config to be used.
const options: Config = {
  max: {
    green: 100, /* Same as CK */
    red: 599, /* Same as CK */
    sticky: 100, /* Same as CK */
    yellow: 1495, /* Same as CK */
    freeze: 100, /* Same as CK */
    double: 100, /* Same as CK */
    reset: 100, /* Same as CK */
  }
}

// Create the initial card mapping. This would be the amount of cards. This should be persisted somewhere.
const cards: CardMapping = new CardMapping()
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.RED, 1)
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.GREEN, 10)
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.YELLOW_PLUS1, 5)
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.RESET, 2)
cards.setCardsOfType(CardType.DOUBLE, 3)

// Configuration (settings) of this lock
const lockConfig: LockConfig = {
  intervalMinutes: 30, // draw interval
  greensRequired: 10, // amount of green cards to find to unlock
  initial: { // if min and max are set to the same values, then no random is applied when lock is reset / created.
    min: new CardMapping(initial), // initial card values. Mostly required to perform a reset. All max values from the lock config.
    max: new CardMapping(initial) // initial card values. Mostly required to perform a reset. All min values from the lock config.
  }
  autoResets: {
    enabled: false // whether or not auto resets are enabled. Used for estimations.
  }
}

// the cards here passed are the current cards. This allows for easier persistance of a lock.
const lock = new Lock(lockConfig, cards)

// alternatively: load the lock from an existing CardMapping (for example when loading a lock from a database)
const otherLock = new Lock(lockConfig);

// Create the game instance
const game = new ChastilockGame(options, lock)

```

## Developing

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (recommended version: 14.10.0)
- Yarn

### Installing dependencies

```bash
yarn
```

### Setting up git hooks
It is recommended to set up git hooks, so the code will be validated against the guidelines (linting & testing) before the commit is done.
In order to set up git hooks, simply run:

```bash
yarn setuphooks
```

Please note that hooks were not yet tested on Windows. But they should be platform independent.

### Running tests

```bash
yarn test
```

### Linting

```bash
yarn lint
```

### Linting & auto fixing

```bash
yarn lint --fix
```
